README.md, before:

# Stellar Ecosystem Resources

Resources, content, tutorials, and developer activations available to the community for in-person events and hackathons.

If you are interested in running a training, workshop, etc. for a collection of developers and/or users, you don't have to reinvent the wheel! This repository will serve as an "a la carte" menu you can make selection(s) from, as you please. You'll be able to choose from several activations, accompanied by a list of resources, links, suggested audiences, potential topics, and more.

Feel free to mix, match, and modify these resources however you need for your particular use.

## Available Activations

- [KALE](./kale)
- [KaleFail](./kalefail)
- [Stellar Quest](./stellar-quest)
- [Fast, Cheap, \& 0ut 0f Control (a.k.a. Soroban Quest)](./fca00c)
- [Guestbook](./guestbook)
- ["Connect Wallet" Without the Rage Quit](./connect-wallet)

## How to Use this Repository

Inside this repository, you'll find directories for each individual activation. In each activation's directory, you'll find several pieces of information:

1. A `README.md` file that will outline the use-case, target audience, resources, etc. for the activation at a high level.
2. A `script.md` file (if applicable) that will contain a script that can be used to "give" the workshop in question (customize this, as-needed of course).
3. A `slides` directory (if applicable) that will contain a presentation, exported in a number of different formats.

Commit message:

flesh out the stellar quest activation a bit more

README.md, after:

# Stellar Ecosystem Resources

Resources, content, tutorials, and developer activations available to the community for in-person events and hackathons.

If you are interested in running a training, workshop, etc. for a collection of developers and/or users, you don't have to reinvent the wheel! This repository will serve as an "a la carte" menu you can make selection(s) from, as you please. You'll be able to choose from several activations, accompanied by a list of resources, links, suggested audiences, potential topics, and more.

Feel free to mix, match, and modify these resources however you need for your particular use.

## Available Activations

- [KALE](./kale)
- [KaleFail](./kalefail)
- [Stellar Quest](./stellar-quest)
- [Fast, Cheap, \& 0ut 0f Control (a.k.a. Soroban Quest)](./fca00c)
- [Guestbook](./guestbook)
- ["Connect Wallet" Without the Rage Quit](./connect-wallet)

## How to Use this Repository

Inside this repository, you'll find directories for each individual activation. In each activation's directory, you'll find several pieces of information:

1. A `README.md` file that will outline the use-case, target audience, resources, etc. for the activation at a high level.
2. A `script.md` file (if applicable) that will contain a script that can be used to "give" the workshop in question (customize this, as-needed of course).
3. An `instructions.md` file (if applicable) that can serve as "speaker notes" for the facilitator of the activation. These are often more outline-oriented, rather than a word-for-word script.
4. A `slides` directory (if applicable) that will contain a presentation, exported in a number of different formats.
