connect-wallet/README.md, before:

# "Connect Wallet" Without the Rage Quit

> Building Web3 UX That Feels Like Magic

## Description

Originally created for Consensus 2025 in Toronto, this workshop gives developers a preview at how super simple it is to get started building on the Stellar network, using smart wallets. Topics covered include Passkeys, Smart wallets, and Launchtube.

## Target Audience

This workshop is intended for hackathon developers who are chomping at the bit to "just get building already!"

## Resources

- [Google Sheets Slideshow](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rV7jxIssbFNM8Mc60BzDrylKifl9Hz0Cl4GsOUXJY0I/edit?usp=sharing)
- Example project, written in three flavors:
  - Svelte and Astro ([live demo](https://smart-stellar-demo.pages.dev/)) ([source code](http://github.com/kalepail/smart-stellar-demo))
  - React ([live demo](https://smart-stellar-demo.vercel.app/)) ([source code](https://github.com/carstenjacobsen/smart-stellar-demo))
  - Vanilla JavaScript ([live demo](https://snapchain-demo.vercel.app)) ([source code](http://github.com/elliotfriend/snapchain-demo))
- [Passkey Kit](https://github.com/kalepail/passkey-kit)
- [Launchtube](https://launchtube.xyz)
- [DevContainer Template Repository](https://github.com/anataliocs/stellar-consensus2025-submission-template)
- [**Hackathon Resources**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wexrk8t5tIfrpxxH3I_th9gg8V_ViZL811TyIA3dd7Q/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.d8k8qz1gbwu7)

Commit message:

rename "Resources" lists to "Links"

connect-wallet/README.md, after:

# "Connect Wallet" Without the Rage Quit

> Building Web3 UX That Feels Like Magic

## Description

Originally created for Consensus 2025 in Toronto, this workshop gives developers a preview at how super simple it is to get started building on the Stellar network, using smart wallets. Topics covered include Passkeys, Smart wallets, and Launchtube.

## Target Audience

This workshop is intended for hackathon developers who are chomping at the bit to "just get building already!"

## In this Directory

| Item         | Link                                     |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------- |
| Script       | [`script.md`](./script.md)               |
| Presentation | [`slides/README.md`](./slides/README.md) |

## Links

- [Google Sheets Slideshow](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rV7jxIssbFNM8Mc60BzDrylKifl9Hz0Cl4GsOUXJY0I/edit?usp=sharing)
- Example project, written in three flavors:
  - Svelte and Astro ([live demo](https://smart-stellar-demo.pages.dev/)) ([source code](http://github.com/kalepail/smart-stellar-demo))
  - React ([live demo](https://smart-stellar-demo.vercel.app/)) ([source code](https://github.com/carstenjacobsen/smart-stellar-demo))
  - Vanilla JavaScript ([live demo](https://snapchain-demo.vercel.app)) ([source code](http://github.com/elliotfriend/snapchain-demo))
- [Passkey Kit](https://github.com/kalepail/passkey-kit)
- [Launchtube](https://launchtube.xyz)
- [DevContainer Template Repository](https://github.com/anataliocs/stellar-consensus2025-submission-template)
- [**Hackathon Resources**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wexrk8t5tIfrpxxH3I_th9gg8V_ViZL811TyIA3dd7Q/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.d8k8qz1gbwu7)
